i'm d rose and this is the return the
whole time the playoffs was going on
only watched a couple of games from
every series but i wasn't into it like i
was if i was playing i know that's gonna
push me to work even harder thinking of
them winning the championship
it's just gonna drive me and I know imma
have another year I was just worried
about my health my trainers dancing back
in Chicago everything boils and they
interview people and they told me to
come here to LA so a peep these things I
never learned before well you should
just go out there and just whoo just
learning how the March again walk run
all this
I'm just trying to get healthy that's my
biggest thing and get my body together
rebuilding my whole body and have a lot
of confidence in myself and see where it
takes it's just a blessing a real
blessing to see that this injury can
stop
basketball changed everybody lives I was
around we was able to see the whole
world be with each other that's one of
the reasons why we so close because
we've been hooking with each other since
we was in sixth grade so you have like a
brotherhood
basketball was always my place to escape
it was peaceful when I was out there
just having a belief and I hope it got
me here
I can't wait only on one I'll never stop
their consorts say um you are a great
role model to me
you inspire my game so much and you know
I play just like you and I hope to you
know to be humble like you and I just
hope that you make a great recovery